docs(main): update proxy doc (#3747)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/main-doc/docs/en/guides/basic-features/proxy.mdx

});
```

When access `http://localhost:8080/go/api`, the response content will be returned from [http://www.example.com/](http://www.example.com/).

> :::info Info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
```

## BFF Proxy

> By configuring [`bff.proxy`](/configure/app/bff/proxy), BFF API requests can be proxied to a specified service. Unlike other proxy above, it can also be used in production environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By configuring [`bff.proxy`](/configure/app/bff/proxy), BFF API requests can be proxied to a specified service. Unlike the other proxy methods above, it can be used in the production environment:
```
